Add flashloans docs (#451)
cowprotocol/docs: docs/cow-protocol/tutorials/arbitrate/solver/solver-engine.md

The solver must consider the gas cost implications of using a flash loan, as the associated overhead is non-negligible.

The settlement contract will receive the swap order funds, but it is the solver’s responsibility to ensure the flash loan is fully repaid within the same transaction. Additionally, the solver needs to account for when the funds will become available, factoring in any user-defined pre-hooks.

The reference driver facilitates this process by pulling funds from the `IFlashLoanRouter` contract and transferring them to the user, so they can be used for the order swap. Since the settlement contract is the recipient of the swap, the driver must then move the funds back to the `IFlashLoanRouter` contract, ensuring that the flash loan lender can retrieve the required repayment from it. If a solver chooses to implement a custom driver, they are responsible for managing this behavior as they deem appropriate.

> If a solver's solution involves flash-loaned operations, the solver must call the `IFlashLoanRouter` contract's [flashLoanAndSettle](../../../reference/contracts/periphery/flash-loans.md#flashloanandsettle) function instead of the settlement contract's [settle](../../../reference/contracts/core/settlement.md#settle) function. The solver must provide all necessary flash loan inputs for the settlement, as well as the settle calldata, which will be executed within the same context by the `IFlashLoanRouter` contract. The `IFlashLoanRouter` contract will then request the specified flash loans and, once received, execute the settlement as instructed.

Reviewer: The reference driver will encode all the necessary interactions to take out the loan and move the funds around for the solver based on the flashloan hint. The solver only needs to do this themselves if they are running a custom driver.

I think the driver section above should probably have a flow diagram with all the transfers and approvals that will get encoded for the solver. This could be linked here again.

Reviewer 2: If I'm not mistaken Flashloans don't leak into the solver engine at all (the driver abstracts it away, the baseline solver doesn't have to worry about it). This means this section is moot. If we want to explain how solvers running their own driver need to deal with flashloans I think it should be on one of the top level flashloan pages (like integrators, you could have solvers).

Author: To be reworked in an upcoming PR.

Author: addressed here: https://github.com/cowprotocol/docs/pull/466

> If a solver's solution involves flash-loaned operations, the solver must call the `IFlashLoanRouter` contract's [flashLoanAndSettle](../../../reference/contracts/periphery/flash-loans.md#flashloanandsettle) function instead of the settlement contract's [settle](../../../reference/contracts/core/settlement.md#settle) function. The solver must provide all necessary flash loan inputs for the settlement, as well as the settle calldata, which will be executed within the same context by the `IFlashLoanRouter` contract. The `IFlashLoanRouter` contract will then request the specified flash loans and, once received, execute the settlement as instructed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a solver decides to encode the transaction without the help of the reference driver, the solver must call the `IFlashLoanRouter` contract's [flashLoanAndSettle](../../../reference/contracts/periphery/flash-loans.md#flashloanandsettle) function instead of the settlement contract's [settle](../../../reference/contracts/core/settlement.md#settle) function. The solver must provide all necessary flash loan inputs for the settlement, as well as the settle calldata, which will be executed within the same context by the `IFlashLoanRouter` contract. The `IFlashLoanRouter` contract will then request the specified flash loans and, once received, execute the settlement as instructed.
```

We should probably link the example tx here. To help solvers figure it out themselves.
